Explain differences when working in the website repository (#718)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/review/test-documentation-changes/index.md

{{< docs/shared source="writers-toolkit" lookup="make-help.md" >}}

To run the local documentation web server, run `make docs` from the `docs/` directory.
If you are in the website repository, run `make docs` from the root of the repository instead.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Apart from in the website repository, running `make docs` from the root produces the output `make: Nothing to be done for 'docs'.` instead of running the local documentation web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `make docs` from the wrong directory, produces the output `make: Nothing to be done for 'docs'.` or `make: *** No rule to make target 'docs'.  Stop.`, and the local documentation web server is not started.
```

Maybe make it cover the two errors you can get? And take the awkward `Apart...` structure out?

It's good as is too :-) Just thinking of the other errors users can get.

Author: much neater!

> To run the local documentation web server, ensure that you are in the `docs/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the local documentation web server, ensure that you are in the right directory.
```

{{< /admonition >}}

> The output message includes a URL that you can follow to view the changes to the documentation in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output message of a successful build includes a URL that you can follow to view the changes to the documentation in the browser.
```
